The Three Little Wolves and The Big Bad Pig

Once  upon  a  time,  in  the  forest,  there  was  a  wolves’  house.  In  the  house,  Mother  Wolf  told  her  little  wolves,  ‘My  dear  children,  you  are  growing  up,  so  go  to  the  forest  and  build  a  house  for  yourselves.    Be  careful of the big bad pig.’‘OK, Mum!’ the three wolves replied.’They worked hard and started to build a brick house with brown bricks.After they had finished, the big bad pig came. ‘Let me in!  Let me in or I’ll knock your house down!’the pig said. ‘Not  by  the  hair  of  my  chinny  chin  chin,’  said  the  wolves. The big bad pig used his axe to knockthe house down.The little wolves built an ever stronger house, a house of concrete and metal.  After they had finished,the big bad pig came. ‘Let me in! Let me in or I’ll huff and I’ll smash your house down.’ ‘Not  by  the  hair  of  my  chinny  chin  chin,’ said the wolves. The big bad pig used his pneumatic drill to smash the house down.Then,  they  started  to  build  the  strongest  house,  a  house  with  metal  and barbed wire. After they had finished, the big bad pig came.‘Let me in! Let  me  in  or  I’ll huff and I’ll puff and I’ll  fire  the  house!’ the big bad pig said. ‘Not by my chinny chin chin’ the little wolves said. The big bad pig used his dynamite to bomb the house.Then,  the  three  little  wolves  started  to  think,  what  to  build  then?  

They  knew  they  used  the  wrong  materials  so  they  tried  to  think  of something  new,  something  beautiful.    The  house  was  made  by  leaves  and flowers. They  could  build  it  easily.    After  they  had  finished, the big bad pig  came.  He  didn’t  blow  down  their  house  but  he  enjoyed  smelling  the  beautiful flowers. He smelled and smelled. He took one deep breath after another.    He  thought  about  what he did in the past. He was a big bad pig. He  wanted  to  be  good.  He  started  to  sing  and  dance.  The  three  little wolves were shocked. They thought that the big bad pig was silly. Then, the big  good  pig  invited  them  to  join  him  in  singing  and  dancing,  and he even invited  them  to  play  ball  games  with  him.    The  three  little  wolves  were  happy and invited him to their house.They had a long talk and they becamebest friends. The  wolves  invited  him  to  live  in  his  house  forever.  The pig accepted and they all lived happily ever after.
